It's usually a good idea to group input together with their labels so that styling them and referring to the label + input at a group is a little bit easier\
Thats why label and text area put in a p

Steps for flask :

Create the virtual environment:
py -3 -m venv venv

Activate the virtual environment:
venv\Scripts\activate

Install Flask via pip:
pip install Flask


then in app.py :- 
can do something like :-

from flask import Flask

app = Flask(__name__)


@app.route("/")
def hello_world():
    return "Hello, World!"

---------------------------------
$env:FLASK_APP = "app.py"
$env:FLASK_ENV = "development"

---------------------------------

In the virtual env can do :-
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt


Then  lastly in terminal do:-
flask run




NOTE:- on changing file locations , venv can give silly errors like not recognizing pip or flask whatever. in that case just delete venv folder and create a new one through above process.



So let's go over to our template and let's go to the form.

You can see the method is POST.

That means that when we type something here and submit the form.

That's going to make a post request to the form action,

which you can see is slash entry.

I'm going to change that I'm going to leave the action as forward slash which

is the same page as the form is on.

Which means I can just remove it entirely and the form will submit

data on the same page that it is at.

Why do I want to do that?

Well, because I don't want to create it separate end point that accepts the

form data and then sends us back to the same page where we were already.

Because after all, we only have this page in the app so after submitting the

form, we do want to stay in this page.

However that does mean that we now have to tell Flask that

this endpoint might receive POST requests as well as GET requests.

So we can say methods equal get and post. 



We're also going to print datetime.datetime that accesses the

datetime class of the datetime module.


